MELIORA IMPACT

REIMAGINING PHILANTHROPIC GIVING

We help connect corporate donors with non-profit organizations.


YOUR IMPACT
Our platform provides donors with a giving strategy, gives insights regarding the company’s philanthropic activities, provides a curated list of trusted nonprofits, categorised so they are simple to choose.

Donations are unabridged and their impact will be made visible in various forms.
https://www.melioraimpact.no


OUR VISION
We envision giving to be impactful and universal, and that nonprofits can fully focus on their frontline work.

We're creating a more intimate connection between donor and cause, building a service that is accessible, strategic and effective, and that allows nonprofits to carry out their frontline work.
https://www.melioraimpact.no


* Testimonials *
We have had the pleasure of supporting many different organizations throughout the years.
Knowing that we can make a difference in people's lives one story at a time is why we do what we do.
Meliora changed the giving game for us.
- Zara

THANK YOU! thank you so much for making our charity your priority.
It has meant the world to us. Acacia, Mara, Henriette + the rest of the team have really changed people’s lives and have given a lot of girls a new chance.
- Water Aid

We have worked closely with Meliora Impact for over two years now and it works fantastically well for us.
We have joined several of their projects for our charity initiatives and it really helps with the process of sourcing projects which can be very difficult and time consuming.
- Elkjøp


START DONATING

FIND YOUR PROJECT
Research different charity initiatives and find a cause that engages you.

SIGN UP
Sign up and  register
your business and a
contact  person.

DONATE
DonateProject to your chosen
project and make your
Meliora impact!


OUR TEAM

We're a Norwegian female-founded startup changing corporate giving and the way companies and nonprofits connect.

HENRIETTE FRILING
Nonprofit
henriettefriling@gmail.com
+47 410 00 000

MARA LEHMANN
Product Design
mara@melioraimpact.no
+47 411 00 000

ACACIA DE MEO
Partnerships
acacia@melioraimpact.no
+47 412 00 000